Translating documentation reworked (#5230)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/user/translating.rst

Glossary
--------

Each project can have an assigned glossary for any language as a shorthand for storing
terminology. Consistency is more easily maintained this way.

> Terms from the glossary containing words from the currently translated string can be

Author: The bottom tabs? In the context menu?

Reviewer: It is probably just heavily outdated. The glossary is shown in the sidebar.

Rate limiting
-------------

To avoid abuse of the interface, rate limiting is applied to several
operations like searching, sending contact forms or translating. If affected by
it, you are blocked for a certain period until you can perform the
operation again.

The default limits are described in the administrative manual in

> :ref:`rate-limit`, but can be fine-tuned in the Weblate configuration.

Author: see?

Reviewer: The configuration is described on the rate limit link which is already present in this sentence.

Search and replace
------------------

Change terminology effectively or perform bulk fixing of the
strings using :guilabel:`Search and replace` in the :guilabel:`Tools` menu.

.. hint::

    Don't worry about messing up the strings. This is a two-step process
    showing a preview of edited strings before the actual change is confirmed.

.. _bulk-edit:

Bulk edit
---------

Bulk editing allows performing one operation on number of strings. You define
strings by searching for them and set up something to be done for matching ones.
The following operations are supported:

> * Changing string state (for example to approve all strings waiting for review)

Author: This is referencing a string state, should be the actual one in _string state_?

> * Changing string state (for example to approve all strings waiting for review)

Author: ```suggestion
* Changing string state (for example to approve all unreviewed strings).
```
